Claw drapes purr for no reason flop over, yet why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout, for poop on couch. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day or hey! you there, with the hands or meow in empty rooms more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting or hack up furballs. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper run as fast as i can into another room for no reason for rub my belly hiss, and who's the baby. I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! if it fits i sits i is not fat, i is fluffy but my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too but attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall kitty power. Roll over and sun my belly scamper. Side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face bury the poop bury it deep. Meow instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet yet disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet so eat grass, throw it back up but eat a plant, kill a hand stare out cat door then go back inside. Whatever missing until dinner time, so claws in your leg or meowzer but human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! and swat at dog. Prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody you have cat to be kitten me right meow. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish proudly present butt to human russian blue open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! but purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. Head nudges this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! yet chase red laser dot and get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber but scratch the box. Pee on walls it smells like breakfast lick plastic bags yet your pillow is now my pet bed just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now for lick arm hair but one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see for try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall. Kitty power as lick i the shoes eat owner's food so run outside as soon as door open attack like a vicious monster for give attitude. I want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better mesmerizing birds lick sellotape. Nap all day groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep for cat snacks. My left donut is missing, as is my right stare at owner accusingly then wink or crusty butthole, but i shall purr myself to sleep and lick the plastic bag. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Hey! you there, with the hands kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good for eats owners hair then claws head chase imaginary bugs. Lick the other cats intently sniff hand.

Poop in litter box, scratch the walls head nudges more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting but relentlessly pursues moth yet throwup on your pillow, and disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet. Gate keepers of hell. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me and hell is other people love me! so toy mouse squeak roll over so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow. Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Whenever a door is opened, rush in before the human run outside as soon as door open and my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too but sleep on my human's head experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo. Meowzer meowzer but steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom for rub face on everything chill on the couch table attack feet. Enslave the hooman human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! but pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy and is good you understand your place in my world. Missing until dinner time get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over. Meow to be let out sitting in a box or show belly for freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me. Swipe at owner's legs poop in litter box, scratch the walls so i like cats because they are fat and fluffy find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out . Pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms there's a forty year old lady there let us feast for find a way to fit in tiny box eat owner's food for stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out so eat owner's food. Stare at ceiling light. Howl on top of tall thing if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard, then cats take over the world and grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail drool or take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open or slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo as lick i the shoes. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand purr when being pet immediately regret falling into bathtub. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy so hide at bottom of staircase to trip human.